numeric interval & documentation (#552)
observablehq/plot: README.md

* **x2** - the ending horizontal position; bound to the *x* scale
* **y2** - the ending vertical position; bound to the *y* scale

> Typically either **x1** and **x2** are specified, or **y1** and **y2**, or both. **x1** and **x2** can be derived from **x** and an **interval** object (such as d3.utcDay) with a **floor** method that returns *x1* from *x* and an **offset** method that returns *x2* from *x1*. If the interval is specified as a (non-null) number, *x1* and *x2* are taken as the two consecutive multiples of *n* that bracket *x*. The interval may be specified either as as {x, interval} or x: {value, interval}—typically to apply different intervals to x and y.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically either **x1** and **x2** are specified, or **y1** and **y2**, or both. **x1** and **x2** can be derived from **x** and an **interval** object (such as d3.utcDay) with a **floor** method that returns *x1* from *x* and an **offset** method that returns *x2* from *x1*. If the interval is specified as a number (and not NaN), *x1* and *x2* are taken as the two consecutive multiples of *n* that bracket *x*. The interval may be specified either as as {x, interval} or x: {value, interval}—typically to apply different intervals to x and y.
```
